I'm calling security
Wait there
Yu Yong
Zhang Wen Xu,
what exactly do you want?
When you need me, you're sweet and gentle
When you don't need me anymore
you push me aside
What am I?
Am I just a tool?
Yu Yong, you have to help me
I really don't have a chance
Now I have nothing
I can only stay at my mother's house now
If you don't go to Li Shi Group this time
and get the antidote for me
I will really have nothing
The future I promised you
will all vanish like smoke
Yu Yong
But that's Li Shi Group
But that's Li Bei Qīng of Li Shi Group
Li Bei Qīng, he's not been at the company lately
As long as you can help me
get the weakness of Jian An
Everything we had will come back
Our future
The happiness I promised you?
Our child
Child
Yu Yong
One last time
please?